#summary Documentation for RETRO OS
#labels Featured

= Documentation =

Retro OS documentation

Current release: 1.0.0

1.) We will not give out the source code for RETRO. We have some "parts" of it on our website if anyone needs help making their own OS with cosmos.

2.) Retro is still in the Beta/Alpha(Depending on the current version) stages, so it may crash or glitch up every once in a while. It "may" be fixed in the first stable version.

3.)The Documentation:

When you start RETRO, you will see a login screen, the Guest password is GST, and the username is Guest, and remember, it's case sensitive!

After that, a screen will come up allowing you to either use the CLI, or the GUI(not completely finished). If you press a key other than 1 or 2, some random beta feature will start. And then it will freeze when the beta feature is finished executing.

CLI:

Here is a list of common commands:

  * Help - show all commands
  * Snake - play Snake(alpha)
  * Echo - echo some text
  * gui - enter the GUI


GUI:

First, there are (currently) 3 app icons on the Desktop:

  * Paint - draw stuff in many colors (54+ colors)
  * Write - type stuff in many colors (54+ colors)
  * Cmd - send commands to the command interpreter(very alpha!)


Then, there are some icons in the RETRO menu:

Top 3: currently all reboot

Gear: settings
Everything else: Not Implemented

Settings:

Colors: change bg color
Simple Cursor: when checked(glitchy checkbox), the cursor is a single pixel, not a "pointer"
Save: exit settings


4.)Credits:

Peter: Programming, implementing graphics, some ideas
Lars: Graphics, ideas
Nick: Graphics, ideas
Dayton: Programming, Ideas
Basil: Ideas

"That's all Folks!"